so i say i have so much to do
work then we have projects yorks
then we have open air here with us
4000 people and of course youtube though
how do i say to my co-workers
always making a sound out of it
Let's just do it today
have dealt with the housing
and who we are on facebook is
who knows what I did at easter
namely the side part of the ship Knox the
thing is that there is for that
deep his sex and side with
window but the window is just like that
designed that just the hard drives cages
not shown as a solid
Metal piece is and the window only
left at the motherboard area is like that
that the graphics cards and the motto
board pulls and the power supply is to
good luck too hidden but we
want to continue in knox or
already remove the hard disk cages
and then come the water reservoirs
and pumping and we want that
of course, we see, above all, build
Water cooling for optical purposes
purely naturally also cool purposes
but if you are such a massive thing
pure will also have to look at why is
there is a custom window and what i have
because she did that now
By the way, I have an oxer like that
in between a few pictures sent
from the housing itself as to the location
is and then came back as an answer
yes, as our housing is not
to recognize more
but I do not show it to you yet
me a little asshole so if you
to make such a material for your housing
want there are many for example the
from how hot to be quiet of the housing
do not know exactly what it means
but you know what I mean
since I have no time you can find it in there
is to come once as far as I heard
But I really understand that
not yet and at the moment they have
housing no window there are for example
online moschitz to buy as the gets
hose with
this is me where shore is shaped me
we can then just the thing out
make the hose tower and then back
make the disc clean with the
Hose, I personally do not think so
nice does not look good and the
look there are different
possibilities
you can give that away to the laser
does not go exactly then but has problems
So a bit of the paint and leaves
of course extremely hot and it can be
that the paint then really massive off
splinters then you can flex it out
if you looked that too, I did too
the temperature would be a huge problem
that, especially with white housing, the salmon
I then follow the heat flashes
gets and bloat and play
everything will not even be able to do it to me
The jigsaw is also one
possibility but you always have that
problem in the paint I did it that way
i am a metalworker i am going there
and says here is 20 euros in the
Drink money we make the evening meal
and if you want to do something service
just go to a metal farmer
back and says hey come on we do this time
and mostly friends if he likes
to do something different like now
somehow 1000 parts of it probably pull
or that means I did it
let me cut that out and me
really have zero problems in the country
no players had no heat bubbles
otherwise , that is of course already
even a good base I have it any
bit that sanded the edges
not so keen
if now the disc clean in there
there are different possible
you can plexiglas on the internet
writing or acrylic glass slices too
cut and send
to let
But you can also do it the way I did
I went to the bauhaus once more
Buy a slice and then the desired one
size may look like a bit
but remember that
slice must be about one to two
centimeters larger than it punched her
have continued for I knox watch time go
Next the disc stands for box
I made it that way now , we want it that way
a bit of water cooling as
highlight and that's why I have
thought to me blue coolant
I already consider any white and
blue
In any case, my thought was that
special on the housing should
be highlighted with blue and
That's why I'm around the edge of
I have the slice in the thin
blue rank would be one of a kind
black line is framed and so on
I just have that a bit too
Do not paint too blatantly and I think
that they look good if there is one
then fix it because there is
also still different possibilities one
For example, it can have two components
take glue because you just paint
on the outside and then press the disc
from the inside, however, has the advantage that
it opposite a double-sided
adhesive tape that I used myself
with double-sided adhesive tape has that
Of course, a certain amount of tape
Thick and this is not the slice
right on the tin turn and that can
of course look stupid but I think
it now looks at a side of the
is with double-sided adhesive tape
I just around the double-sided
made tape and then the
disc pushed firmly and pressed
then just let it get stuck
If you look for a full-on, you pull
almost not that slice a bit
stands out and I think so
actually the most beautiful that is
Now most beautiful my opinion, the
what I have done so far because of the
Hose is ugly with the sheet it
There is a little bit of accent
bit highlight brings the whole one
bit inside the housing
look and the slice a bit
sections 7 not at all the advantage
with double sided tape it must
does not have to be too strong there now
not that everyone is going up
90 kilos of water always endures the advantage
is then if you for example
you make out of graz in the
then it could be very easy
solve it again there are also the
possibility of course you can
correctly-making the metal or
Screw everything together but I'll tell you
it's a bit too close up
above my level you have to
can let yourself be in the plan, it was
I did not get that far from there
I trust and screw now
not so cool
that's why on your personal
taste off that's definitely the case
side piece for fort knox a slice
I would like to thank you
I like it very much
Of course it will be the whole thing
but it is so far I am now with
the second part of this is finished
first part was done is the insulation
I do not really know if I'll be back
pure maybe I had the good
but glue can remove the point
is just music from the front and pulls
not at all that some glue
But residues are just like me
I will probably know
remove me yes the service team
clarified looks and so but well I do
I hope you enjoyed it
I was trying a little something now
to make housing it already became
much to go on rebuilding of the
casing
The metal plate is as good as finished
when I'm done I'll give you the
show and if you liked it
Thumbs up when you see more videos
you want to be able to abo and in that
think ade warsaw